D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.exe.config
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.exe
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.pdb
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.exe
D:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.pdb
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.exe.config
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.exe
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.pdb
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.exe
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.pdb
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Views.FormTimes.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.FormMain.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAlphabet.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAllExpression.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAllExpression.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAlphabet.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.Views.FormTimes.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.FormMain.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Debug\StudyEnglish.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.BL.dll
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Debug\StudyEnglish.BL.pdb
