d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Release\StudyEnglish.exe.config
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Release\StudyEnglish.exe
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Release\StudyEnglish.pdb
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAllExpression.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAlphabet.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Views.FormTimes.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.FormMain.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.exe
d:\WorkFolder\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.pdb
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Release\StudyEnglish.exe.config
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Release\StudyEnglish.exe
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\bin\Release\StudyEnglish.pdb
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAllExpression.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Views.FormAlphabet.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Views.FormTimes.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.FormMain.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.exe
d:\!!!!!!!E\SYSADMIN\ПРОГРАММИРУЕМ НА С#\C#\Личные ПРОЕКТЫ\StudyEnglish\StudyEnglish\obj\Release\StudyEnglish.pdb
